in terms of Saint George Saint George is
often invoked by the great Douglas
Murray Douglas Murray who talks about
Saint George in retirement syndrome
that's a Georgian retirement syndrome is
where people striving for equality
achieve the outcome they want win the
battle defeat the dragon and then either
look around for smaller dragons to slay
or in the worst instances cease to stop
swinging their sword but instead take on
battles with imaginary dragons you can
decide for yourself today whether or not
you know for example the battles on
gender sexuality equality more broadly
certainly a quality before the law in
the justice system as a matter of law
whether those battles have been won
whether throughout the Western World we
do have equality before the law and so
therefore people who are continuing to
battle for equality before the law if
that's what they're doing if they're
still engaging in those battles are they
engaged likes and George
swinging their sword at thin air because
there are no dragons left to slay it's
not the same people obviously today
fighting for certain things as there
were in the past but in the past people
were fighting for for example quite
rightly absolutely should have fought
for women to have the vote for there to
be no gender or sex-based discrimination
in the legal system anywhere as a matter
of law when it comes to things that the
state can impose we should have no
distinction between different kinds of
people that's a form of discrimination
it could be sexism or racism homophobia
Etc so those things should be
eviscerated but once they are once they
are eviscerated as a matter of law and
the protests continue we wonder what the
voting public can do to remedy a thing
that is not there in the law and so this
is Saint George in retirement syndrome
which we need to be careful of it was I
think President Biden who only I noticed
this week put out a tweet about I don't
know comes to a a child had written him
a letter about how women get paid less
than men and asking Joe Biden to do
something about that so what can Joe
Biden do he's a politician he's a
lawmaker he's one of the people who can
pass laws or regulation is there a law
or regulation that says women must get
paid less than men if there is that
should be corrected as a matter of
urgency that's discrimination that's
rank sexism but if there is nothing
there in the books that a lawmaker can
change then he's promising to do
something about this would seem to be
misdirected at best deceitful at worst
there's often you know that statistics
plan women get paid 70 cents on the
dollar for men but not for doing
precisely the same work and insofar as
it is exactly the same work where is
this happening and why is this happening
and what does it mean to say exactly the
same work can you compare two CEOs of
two different companies some companies
are larger some people work longer hours
people have talked about this before at
Great length people make different
decisions throughout life but if there
is a law saying that women can only get
paid 70 cents on the dollar for men that
clearly needs to be changed within
agreements that occur within companies
typically speaking there are laws
against paying different people
different wages for doing precisely the
same thing certainly based upon gender I
know that happened in Australia it is
simply illegal to pay two people that
are doing the same job different amounts
except for matters of seniority you know
this happens in teaching for example two
teachers in classrooms next door to each
other could be getting paid quite
different things for doing exactly the
same thing because one of them has been
in the job longer for bizarre system all
you have to do is to sit around for long
enough I think the police are much the
same and each year that goes by you get
paid a little more just for hanging
around not for improving your
performance I guess on the assumption
that you've improved your performance or
something like that if on the aggregate
the statistics show that men are getting
paid more than women what is the deeper
explanation are there such things as
danger money men overwhelmingly working
jobs like well I shouldn't say
overwhelmingly as they prepare portion
of the workforce disproportionately men
do things like mining arduous hard labor
bricklaying not to say that no women
woman does this but if you have hardly
any females represented in these jobs
where in for example mining a premium is
paid because of the danger in being away
from home and all that kind of thing
that has happened in Australia people
work extremely remotely when I say
remotely not just behind a computer I
mean in the middle of nowhere in
Australia and there's a vast parts of
Australia that are kind of nowhere in
that sense far far from nevermind cities
even small towns where some mines happen
to be people go deep underground in
dangerous conditions and get paid a lot
of money for doing so and so if you
average out that kind of thing
compared to let's say Child Care wherein
Child Care infant care the overwhelming
majority of the workforce is women no
wonder there's going to be a discrepancy
in the average paid as comparing these
two populations now repeat for all the
other life choices that people make
throughout their lives so what would go
by do about something like that
well the government I suppose could
insist that everyone regardless of what
you do mining or Child Care get paid the
same that would equalize things then
we'd have a quality of outcomes people
talk about which precisely what of
course places like North Korea do many
of the rest of us think we shouldn't
keep trying to slay this particular
Dragon of inequality that what we mean
by equality is equality before the law
is everyone being treated by the state
in the same way because if that holds
we're done that's it if in society there
are inequities that exist there then so
long as the state provides the
conditions where people can pursue
opportunities that's all the role that
the state has then Private Industry and
people of Goodwill will employ the best
people for the best jobs based upon
their skills knowledge and you know
personality criteria no one would want
to have a corporation which becomes
known for unequal Employment Practices
and by the way as many other people have
observed if women really were
routinely able to be paid less for doing
exactly the same job as men why wouldn't
all corporations immediately fire most
of their male Workforce and take on
female Workforce at a much reduced cost
because I wouldn't have to pay them as
much if that was really going on that's
what would happen
these evil corporations that are only
interested in profit should do that they
don't do that because it's just not true
that women get paid less than men for
doing the same job women choose to do
certain kinds of jobs men choose to do
certain kinds of jobs women choose to
work certain hours men choose to work
certain hours it's as simple as that in
the western world where there are
already laws ensuring that you are not
allowed
to pay people different amounts for
doing the same thing based upon for
example just the agenda so many people
more knowledgeable about the issue than
I have spoken on that over and again
okay because over the next hundred years
things are going to ramp up far more
rapidly and be far better than the last
hundred years and so it will only be
more obvious that if I could make this
conjecture now that things will get
better all the while admitting this is
not a strict prediction I'm not saying
specifically what things will get better
just that people do this then in a
hundred years from now whoever's doing a
similar job to me arguing for optimism
will have an easier time we had to point
to me and say hey look see this guy back
when things were primitive and awful by
the standards of today even he was
saying that things were going to get
better that poor Denizen of the past
with all the destruction and death and
suffering and expense of living in that
time
was somehow able to see how wonderful
the world was well look at us now look
how good it is now 100 years later
should we expect things to stagnate
tomorrow or get worse no what should we
expect we should expect things will get
better
they will be saying that more strongly
more loudly and in fact one would hope
pessimism has largely been removed like
a cancerous tumor that it is from
society and everyone will have the
expectation of things getting better
which means that things will get better
even faster because people won't be held
back by the naysayers on the sidelines
carping about resource use and
inequality they will understand that
inequality is the very thing which
allows for people to pursue separate
interests that's what you want and if
someone wants to work one day a week and
someone Works to work seven days a week
we should expect different outcomes from
a free society that allows that kind of
thing that's wonderful